---
title: Celebrating 2 Years on Medium
redirect_from:
  - /celebrating-2-years-on-medium-4f8a0fd2f4d0
  - /p/4f8a0fd2f4d0
excerpt:
  It's been two years since I joined Medium! Here's a quick recap of my journey,
  some stats, and a handful of special people I'd like to thank.
---

I published
[my first story](https://medium.com/everyday-science/sky-b4e23155187a) on Medium
on August 6, 2019, and my journey on the platform has gone a long way since
then.

Now, you can find that story on why the sky’s blue in the Everyday Science
publication, which [Farah Egby][farah] and I founded.

Most of my first stories were based around similar topics — I liked discovering
and sharing why every day phenomena are how they are. Eventually, however, I
started writing about other topics. I branched out into telling about
self-motivation, writing, advice, humor, and more.

Finally, I started to write about programming, which is now my favorite thing to
do on Medium. My first programming-related article was about how open-source
development helps the world, and I ended up self-publishing it.

My absolute favorite publication to write with on Medium is Better Programming.
My first story there was about how to make a magic 8 ball in Python, and I’ve
since written 5+ others there. I especially love the BP team’s kindness and
encouragement throughout the entire publishing process.

## Stats and earnings

Another awesome part of Medium is how I can make money while sharing something I
love with people like you.

Over these two years on Medium, I’ve been able to share my thoughts with over
160 thousand people, which is just mind-blowing.

I’ve earned $1,471.41 during my time on Medium, with my highest-earning month so
far being July 2020 with $690.96. On average, I’ve earned $2.05 each day since I
joined the Partner Program.

## Special thanks

I’d like to thank a few people personally for helping me along my journey here.
I wouldn’t be here without you, and I appreciate you all.

[Farah][farah], it’s awesome running Everyday Science with you, and you’ve also
been a huge help on my Medium journey. Thank you!

[Anupam](https://anupamchugh.medium.com/) (and everyone else on the BP team),
it’s always an incredible day when I’m able to work with you to publish a story
in Better Programming. Your kindness is one of the main reasons I love your
publication so much. Thank you!

[Zack](https://zackshapiro.medium.com/), even though you’ve moved on from Better
Programming, it’s been amazing working with you, and I wish you and your wife
the best of luck raising your new daughter. Thank you!

Finally, I’d like to thank every single person who’s read my stories on Medium.
I wouldn’t be here without the support, claps, and follows from the amazing
folks reading on Medium.

[farah]: https://farah-egby.medium.com/
